hey guys stay here and bring you another
modern warfare 4 video for you today
this one is basically consolidating
loads and loads of different modern
warfare 4 rumors that have been floating
around on the internet some for a couple
of months some just for a few days and
in this video I'm just going to be
putting them all together and explaining
them and making sure that you guys know
what the situation is with some of the
rumors what people think and what some
of the leaks have been as well and if
it's modern warfare 4 news that you do
want then is plenty on my channel think
I've got 11 videos over there dedicated
to modern warfare 4 and all of the news
that's come out obviously definitely in
the right place to check out all the
latest news but let's get straight into
this first piece of a rumored leaked
information so this first one is a
leaked by an individual who's actually
need some information before I think the
game was called sleeping dogs or
something like that and they'll eat some
information about that and that turned
out to be true when the game released
and so it's a pretty reliable source and
they basically said that this character
called Ben Burke which is his code name
is a battle-hardened veteran and he's
going to be the main / Tragon asst in
modern warfare 4 and he says this
because he's got some information
apparently that Activision have been
recording voiceovers for the next call
of duty game which takes place in the
modern warfare arc so it's going to be
another modern warfare game but note
that I doesn't say it's modern warfare
forces in the modern warfare arc so who
knows whether it's going to be the
modern warfare 4 sequel or a prequel to
cod 4 or something like that that could
surprises hey who knows but did get some
information on some of the lines that
this Ben Burtt codename character has to
recite and I'm gonna I think I'm going
to put some of these on-screen I'm not
going to read them out but um pretty
standard call of duty lines apart from
one which apparently is recorded in
setting of Somalia and it's a flashback
of when soap was alive so apparently we
may be playing soap and some of the
previous characters before they actually
died so that could be pretty interested
but now I'm moving on to the second
piece of information leets rumored piece
of information wherever you want to call
it and this one actually comes from
neversoft and suddenly this visited the
studios I think that actually did and
the managed to extract some information
from what they saw and apparently
according to them neversoft is going to
play a pretty big role in creating the
next call of duty and they say it's
going to be another modern warfare game
there's something called drone
surveillance they're working on halo
jump switch is high altitude jumps
basically where soldiers jumping
basically like skydiving but with loads
of gear on them and they've got a level
under
ice there's cloaking technology and
something called a Dominator UAV so
there we have information on one of the
possible levels a level under ice is
going to be somewhere cold obviously
this is going to either be like the
Arctic or Russia or maybe Canada there's
only a few select places that that could
be so that could be one of the settings
if this room is to be believed and the
cloaking technology the drone
surveillance all those are pretty
futuristic sods say that it's hinting at
a sequel to modern warfare 3 no set
after the times of modern warfare 3
because we didn't see that kind of
technology in that game so maybe was set
maybe just you know four or five years
in advance of modern warfare 3 but just
enough time to get that technology in
there but who knows at the minute and
this third thing I'm going to be talking
about it's not really a leak or a rumor
or anything but it's something I've seen
floating around the internet a lot and I
just thought I'd clear it up and it's
these like leaked images this leaked a
poster and a couple of diesel etrailer
so I'm just gonna show you one of them
right now why do you really need to ask
I only did what needed to be done
killing me won't change that
don't worry we won't I'll ask for my
nights
bunks daughter
so that was the leaked trailer
apparently and one of the things that I
think gives it away that makes fake is
the actual release date that it says
eleventh of the 11th 13 which falls on
Monday and as you probably already know
call duty always release their games on
a Tuesday side so this is almost
definitely fake and do not believe any
of the videos that this guy does on this
channel because the minute it's too
early for them to be officially
releasing trailers anyway and I just
they just look too fake I mean they've
done a good job then don't get me wrong
bottom yeah the flake so that's all the
information I have for now if you've
enjoyed this video then please leave it
a quick like to be really appreciated
I've got plenty more modern warfare 4
news on my channel right now so go over
and check that out also subscribe if you
want to be updated with modern warfare
news and developments thank you very
much for watching guys and have a great
day